shall i compare thee to a summer’s day?
thou art more lovely and more temperate:
rough winds do shake the darling buds of may,
and summer’s lease hath all too short a date;
sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
and often is his gold complexion dimm'd;
and every fair from fair sometime declines,
by chance or nature’s changing course untrimm'd;
but thy eternal summer shall not fade,
nor lose possession of that fair thou ow’st;
nor shall death brag thou wander’st in his shade,
when in eternal lines to time thou grow’st:
so long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
so long lives this, and this gives life to thee.

Follow these steps in order:
 1. Include and keep track of every letter that precedes a non-whitespace punctuation mark (.?;',")
 2. Delete every space and the characters immediately next to each space
 3. Delete every other “h”, ignoring the first and deleting the second and so on.
 4. Delete any vowels that are touching other vowels. If a vowel is only touching another vowel that you were told to keep in step 1, neither gets deleted. Y counts as a vowel.
 5. For each line, delete all instances of the first letter in that line (if you were told to include a letter in step 1, do not delete that instance of the letter).
 6. Delete all punctuation marks.
 7. If a line has fewer than 18 characters, delete it. Do not delete letters included in step 1.  If a line has 18 or more characters, delete the first 15 characters that were not included in step 1.
 8. Combine all lines, delete any pairs of letters, including letters that were included in step 1. From here on, letters included in step 1 have the same relevance as any other letter.
 9. Delete every other vowel, deleting the first and ignoring the second and so on. Y counts as a vowel.
10. Delete any instances of the letter pair “re”.
11. Delete any instances of the letter pair “wt”.
12. Delete all instances of the letter “s” besides the first.
13. Delete the first instance of any letter that appears more than once.
14. Delete the second and third letter.

Enter the word or phrase above as the flag.
